listen as a huge Batman fan I've
followed various video variations of the
Joker I've seen him as a goon a psycho a
Lego he's been caught by scoops he's
danced a prince he's been the best
incarnation already he's been
oscar-worthy he shopped at Hot Topic
but here we have one that comes off as
less of a villain and more of a victim
of Gotham City or as he puts it society
this isn't really the Clown Prince of
Crime who killed Robin with a crowbar as
he is the results of the 1% doing away
with most people like they were trash
turning the city itself into a literal
dumpster fire is it practically a reskin
of these two movies yeah but it's a
really good reskin of these two movies
and it takes from one of the best Batman
apples if you've been looking forward to
it then it's probably everything you
want and more if you're against it and
yeah it's gonna be as bad as you think
it is because well I'm not one to censor
movies I'm not one who believes that you
shouldn't be able to watch whatever you
want it was what last year the kids were
still eating Tide Pods so I do get the
concern of kids just want to do things
for the meme I've shopped out Woodfield
many times I've never seen doorbuster
deals like this but I'd like to think we
can definitely a good and evil in our
media even the director cast but man
does Phoenix own this role I'm not
saying it's better than Ledger's pitty
arrivals it and yet the best thing that
could have happened to this movie was
for it to not be associated with DC at
all let me explain now we had mentioned
how DC's anti Cinematic Universe is the
best way for them to go cuz I have
honestly really excited for their stuff
now it kind of feels like I'm walking
into a comic book shop when I go to
their movies where if I may not like one
of the incarnations that they have of a
character at least I know there's gonna
be several others out there it also
doesn't limit the storytellers to an
overall continuity or tone and with this
one man they rearrange everything that
we knew about the Joker now todd
phillips is racing with adam mckay to
see which one of these comedy directors
can want a dramatic oscar first but the
filmmakers have gone on record as quote
the goal was never to introduce joaquin
phoenix into the comic book movie
universe the goal was to introduce comic
book movies into the joaquin phoenix
universe there was also i literally
described to joaquin at one point in
those three months as like
look at this as a way to sneak a real
movie in the studio system under the
guise of a comic book film it wasn't we
want to glorify this behavior it was
literally like let's make a real movie
with a real budget and we'll call it F
and Joker that's what it was
sir there have been a lot of real movies
dealing with superheroes just like the
movie these quotes can come off super
corny at times but he does make a little
bit of a point if this movie had cut its
budget to a quarter kept the same crew
the same script just took out all the DC
license names no one would have batted
an eye that I went at Venice there's
been dozens of films that have dissected
killers we've awarded them we've studied
them for seasons but the difference here
is that the audience is cheering for a
really high-profile villain who's ripped
his face off in the past he's kidnapped
his therapist paralyzed Hey if Batman
can kill why can't the man who
electrocuted his lover get his own
falling down as father of the day come
on I'm the bad guy
it's so effective at sympathizing with
the Joker I'll call him Arthur that I
have to give credit to Phoenix
performance I still prefer Sandler's
uncut gems a bit more into saying but
sitting in a crowd of people cheering at
the late-night bit man if you've seen
that scene you know what I mean when I
say I wanted a rush out of that theater
faster than Jay Jay wanted his pictures
yeah the movie is open to interpretation
with the cast overly emphasizing that in
interviews and I do believe that there
is a version of it that drastically
changes the way you see the movie and
people have come out seeing it various
ways that said I think we're all mostly
here for Phoenix they do last so much
weight that they couldn't do that many
takes considering his body could barely
handle going up the stairs he would walk
out on the cast or lose it at times in
between takes because of all the
pressure Phillips was actually the one
who gave him the journal to write all
those hello darkness my old friend notes
meaning they come from him which y'all
also voted that at some of the best
lines of the year before y'all even saw
the movie
that said I don't blame Phoenix for this
role he just played a serial killer and
got praised so I do see his intention as
just as an actor looking for a great
character study Phillips on the other
hand his mad people don't like his jokes
anymore like he's acting like Joker in
The Killing Joke dudes making fans of
Joker and those who hate the Joker all
agree on one thing
Todd Phillips shut up Phoenix said he
didn't want his character to be
relatable in any way even going out and
saying I didn't want to psych colleges
to be able to identify the kind of
person he was
and you gotta remember this dude went
off for a year
said he was retiring and done acting
that he was gonna become a rapper and
pulled his own late-night stunts and
what half the rails offer it just to be
some experimental feature film some
documentary directed by Casey Affleck
yeah when Luke came out even critics
were like what the Curtis a Phoenix was
the perfect person for the Joker I don't
think I'm gonna get his dancing out of
my mind he has a scene involving a door
lock you know when you see it that
legitimately scared me it had my palms
sweaty er than a mess and if you can put
the almost 80 years of maniacal torture
that this character has caused if if
you're okay with coming into this movie
and seeing it as a completely different
version of this character you'll find a
movie that critiques the higher ups and
those in charge it's definitely no
parasite but it subverts some other
characters we've known and uses them as
an example of the ripple effects the 1%
has when it disposes of the other 99
like they're trash when I suggest
watching it's influences instead because
they handle the themes better of course
but just like guardians became a
generations first base adventure I agree
100% with senior film critic on
letterbox David Ehrlich statements that
the next indie stories will have an
alter ego as a blockbuster
they're already scooping up those indie
filmmakers and scooping up the gold
these caped heroes have become our new
Greek gods that we idolize and worship
so it's going to be interesting to see
where DC decides to take their future
cinematic tale
especially if we get Jonah Hill's Martha
thank you guys drinking out this video
I'm here to know your thoughts down
below in the comments section probably
one of the biggest debates out of this
one besides you know people losing their
minds is the he's versus phoenix debate
and again the way I would describe it is
Heath was darker but Phoenix was darker
you know like because once a supporting
character where his anonymity is like
highly emphasized you not supposed to
know anything about him but in the other
one like I know what medications Arthur
was taken my favorite will always be
more careful steak in the animated
series if I'm taking the short cut out
but I would say Ledger you know he still
has it for me mainly because this scene
alone it's still coming true upset the
established order everything becomes
that said I think we're all gonna miss
the days of PBS and the Snider cut crowd
cuz you know at least those people you
know they were arguing for they were
defending a movie with heroes this one
isn't a hero but as a fan of Bill DC and
Marvel I'm excited you know as a bigger
fan of fanboys dueling each other out on
social media man I am ecstatic I like
that they're finally both in the same
playing field both have different movies
up for awards I was seeing DC fans pull
a bougie I don't know if you ever heard
people say tarjay instead of target the
story and they're calling this joke hair
after one Venice but hey they're all
doing different things and as a fan we
get to consume it all so we went I love
it
other than that let me know your
thoughts on Joe care let me know what
movies you're most excited for and other
than that don't forget to comment like
and subscribe so we can boycott
Maleficent next